##############################################################################
#
# Theme inspired by the NES
# https://github.com/wimstefan
##############################################################################

background           = white default
frame                = grey  black bold
window_title         = red   black
directory            = grey  black bold
selected_directory   = red   black bold
playlist             = grey  black bold
selected_playlist    = red   black bold
file                 = white black
selected_file        = red   black
marked_file          = red   black bold
marked_selected_file = red   black reverse
info                 = grey  black bold
selected_info        = white black bold
marked_info          = blue black bold
marked_selected_info = white black bold
status               = white black
title                = red  default bold
state                = red   default bold
current_time         = white default bold
time_left            = white black bold
total_time           = white default bold
time_total_frames    = white default
sound_parameters     = white black bold
legend               = white default
disabled             = red   black bold
enabled              = white black bold
empty_mixer_bar      = red   black
filled_mixer_bar     = black red
empty_time_bar       = white black
filled_time_bar      = black red
entry                = white black
entry_title          = grey  default bold
error                = red   black bold
message              = red   black bold
plist_time           = grey  black bold
